Voltaik AI closer script


Hey, good to finally see your face, how’s your day going?


Did you get a chance to watch the pre-call video I have setup?


Then that means you have a pen, paper, or notepad ready to take notes correct?


Ok, perfect. We have about an hour and I’m really excited to speak with you and kinda go over everything we can do to help you in your solar business. But before we go into anything of my end, I wanted to take some time to quickly ask you some questions about your business just so I can get a better understanding of where you’re at, where you wanna be, and also the best way to go about helping you get more leads, more sits, all that jazz. Because the last thing I want to happen to us is we end up talking for the next hour and towards the end we find out that its not gonna be a good fit. If that is the case, I will follow up with you later and send you some resources to kinda guide you towards the best approach you can take to ensure you achieve your goals whether it’s with me or with someone else. Would that be fair?


Cool cool. Ok man, so could you just quickly fill me in on like… what was your intent behind clicking on our ad and booking a call with us? 


Ok, and what do you feel like you need help with in specific? Like in order to get more sits?


Makes sense. And what are you doing right now in terms of getting leads and following up with them?


How long have you been doing that for?


What’s the biggest frustration you’re dealing with right now?


Ok, let’s zoom out for a second here man. In an ideal world, where do you wanna be in 6 months? Like in terms of sits?


Ok, and how far are we from that right now?


Now besides preventing you from making an extra $X/month, do you I guess like waiting on referrals and praying things work?


[IF YES]
Oh what do you like about it?
What do you think will happen if you were to continue that way?




[IF NO]
Ok and why not man? What do you need to see to be able to be like ‘oh I think this will actually get me to where I want to be


Ok, and just to give me a better understanding, what do you feel like is preventing you from actually getting to that milestone, is it the low volume of leads or is the failure to convert those leads into sits?


Understood. Let’s say there was a way of possibly helping you in acquiring kinda the right [leads/follow-up systems] to take you from X to Y. What would tangibly be…I guess different for the business…Like at that point?


Ok. and obviously you as the business owner, what would be different for you? Like personally though


And what would life look like for you?


[FUTURE PACING - inflate the prospects dreams and get them to visualize it]
And what if you don’t man? What happens if nothing changes? What do you think will happen if we were to continue in the same trajectory where we’ve been stuck at X sits/mo for the past N months? What will be different for the business if that was to presume for the next 2 days, 2 weeks, 2 months…even 2 years man?


and again, what would life look like?


What kind of impact do you think that will have on you mentally?


Are you willing to settle for that man?


What about your family man? Do you think they would be willing to settle for that life?


Ok. Based on what I’ve heard of you wanting to go from X->Y sits, I think what were doing for sure can help you. If it would be appropriate, We could put an in-depth gameplan together on how to actually take you from X->Y. would that be appropraite or what do you wanna do?